Theocratic schools are equipping more and more of our brothers and sisters with a strong
spiritual foundation.
After graduation, they're able to fill needed assignments in the organization.
For example, the School for Kingdom Evangelizers is training ones who make themselves available
to serve where the harvest is great, often within their own branch territory.
That's the situation in the Democratic Republic of Congo, where over one million people attended
last year's memorial, that's more than five times the number of publishers.
Because of this tremendous need in the field and the lack of other facilities to conduct
theocratic schools and house the students, an exception was made to have a dedicated school
facility.
Now things are different after a busy renovation and an exciting dedication program.
In the very heart of Africa lies the Democratic Republic of Congo and the Republic of Congo.
Jehovah's creation brings praise to him.
However, the greatest shout-out to praise to Jehovah comes from the more than 200,000
Jehovah's Witnesses who are zealously preaching and teaching the good news of the kingdom.
In our branch territory, over 40,000 were baptized in the last three years.
This means the formation of many new congregations.
This accelerated growth produces a need for more qualified brothers and sisters.
We needed a school facility that could satisfy this growing need.
Due to economic reasons and a great number of potential students in the Congo, the
governing body made a loving exception and decided that we could have a school for
Kingdom Evangelize with two classrooms.
We were so happy when we received the approval to go ahead and renovate some buildings
located near to Bethel.
International and local volunteers went very hard to renovate the buildings into a
theocratic school complex that would bring praise to Jehovah God.
This school's complex is unique because it's an oasis of order and cleanliness in an
overcrowded city.
One day a passerby got a glimpse of the school because the gates were left open.
He was so impressed with the well-maintained buildings, the beautiful garden setting and
the sign, Bible school's complex.
He came right in and asked if he could enroll in the school.
On January 17, 2015, Brother Garrett Loesch of the governing body dedicated the complex
to Jehovah with the theme, growth, praises, Jehovah.
I would never have thought this could happen 15 years ago, that a member of the governing
body would come to dedicate this building that has been used for many things but now
the pinnacle of school.
We are very happy, Jehovah is really the creator.
51 students were invited from all over Congo for the first and second classes of the school
for kingdom evangelizers.
For many of the students, it is the first time to see a theocratic school facility of Bethel
for that matter.
I couldn't believe my eyes when Jehovah granted me one of the desires of my heart to attend
this school for kingdom evangelizers.
In Isaiah 54-13, the Bible says, every son will be taught by Jehovah.
I felt very privileged to have been chosen by the branch committee to learn more about
Jehovah and his organization.
The students will never forget that they enjoyed three good meals served to them graciously
each day, that their clothes were washed and well pressed, that they enjoyed a modern
air-conditioned classroom in the tropics with computers and printers freely available for
their use, also that they slept in safety at night in clean rooms.
Do you have the spirit of an evangelizer?
We believe that you do have it.
In general, secular school education can make people more proud.
This divine education helps the students to be more humble and thus more useful in
Jehovah's hands.
I understand better now how much Jehovah appreciate humble people, but he opposes the proud.
I am very small at home of dust, so there is no need for me to think I am better than
someone else.
The training helped me to look at myself honestly, I discovered parts of my personality,
I needed to improve.
I have the privilege to take care of this school complex, I saw the quality of divine education
with my own eyes now, I am motivated to try even harder to make the experience pleasant
for any future students and thus bring praise to Jehovah.
It helped me to cherish my place in Jehovah's organization to love Jehovah and my brothers
and sisters even more.
The school helps the students not just to help new ones, but also to work along with
the other publishers so they also can progress and stabilize in the faith.
I make a new foot to show the training with others in the congregation.
I like to encourage the young one to take up the pioneer service.
With the training I have received, I found it easier to approach anyone.
I am conducting several barber studies and some of them are attending meetings.
The divine education that I received helped me to have a clearer understanding of the
truth.
I am also much more effective in my ministry.
Deborah and Kathy were assigned to a distant isolated territory, 1,500 kilometres up the
River Congo in northern Congo.
In the congregation, the brothers were surprised because they know usually this school we sent
out brothers, but it was two sisters, but now they see that we help the congregation.
Yes, we were very happy when our second Oversea informed us that two sisters were coming
to our congregation.
We were very happy.
They encourage other sisters in the congregation.
Also, they add enthusiasm to the congregation, especially in the ministry.
The presence of these graduates in the various congregations has helped to improve the quality
of teaching and energize the preaching activity.
The benefits reached the far corners of Congo, so that a great shot of praise is given to
your home.
What a blessing from Tyrova.
Every year, more than 200 brothers and sisters can receive divine education from Tyrova.
And then, it's first disover the far reaching territory of the Congo branch.
How encouraging it is to see the school for Kingdom evangelizers in Congo is now able to
move forward with Tyrova's blessing.